A simple website for organizing and displaying recipes for personal use only. Associated (public) GitHub Pages site located at

https://jlorenze.github.io/eat/

To add a recipe, copy the template recipe file into the recipes directory and add the recipe. Then run "python build.py" to rebuild all markdown files and commit to the repo. GitHub pages will then rebuilt the site automatically using Jekyll.

To build the site locally run

"bundle exec jekyll serve"

and then navigate in the browser to

"http://localhost:4000/eat/"



Site Documentation:

-docs directory contains all website code

-categories directory contains markdown files for each category, autogenerated by build.py script

-recipes directory contains all markdown files for each individual recipe, autogenerated by build.py

-config.yml defines url and other high level site info

-Gemfile is a Ruby dependency thing associated with bundler that can be used to compile Jekyll sites

-data directory contains template.yml file that defines some fonts and colors for the site

-css directory contains some css stuff and font stuff, probably don't need to change stuff here

-img directory contains images associated with categories

-js directory contains .js files, not sure what they do exactly

-site directory is build by jekyll and is the actual static html files for the site

-layouts directory contains default.html and recipe.html which are respectively the jekyll layout definition for the main page and each recipe page. The category modals are not template layouts and so are not present here.

-includes directory contains a lot of html files that are included in the layouts and index page. These include:
    -header.html which defines the header bar across the top of the site
    -categories.html defines the category grid section of the site main page
    -modals.html defines the modals that display recipes for a category
    -recipes.html defines the recipes section of main page

-includes/css is location of agency.css, which defines the css stuff used.


